Hey babe, Happy Birthday
I dont even know where i want to start from. well we could start from here, its your birthday today 
like on this very day my princess was born. Since we started dating ive kinda been thinking of what i would get you for your birthday. I wanted something with meaning and as equally had a purpose too, something that would make you sit down and think "oh....he really took his time and thought of me while doing this" and it was kinda hard having to find something that would give you that. So i sat down and that was when it clicked and then i remembered, i was a Dev.
and what do devs do, they build and there it came "what if i build some kind of a birthday website just for her. I mean is there anything more special to a Dev other than that, a whole website just about YOU. I was also trying to highlight the perks of dating a Dev too. But enough said about that lets talk about the real star of today
which is you My Love.
Words cant seem to express how lucky and grateful i am not to have someone like you but to have the one and only you in my life. You are so special, unique and different from all other girls i have come across in my life. You are the best partner anyone would dream of having. but their dreams are my reality.
You are so beautiful as well as smart too, like really smart.
I'm so happy anytime we talk and even when i have thoughts about you too. 
You mean the world to me and i cannot imagine a life without you.
You have been so supportive and understanding of me in both sickness and in health and you have never even for a thought given up on me. I appreciate you my love and i dont think i will be able to thank you enough for the way you have impacted my life. I cherish all the memories we have, the moments we have made and also look forward to those we have yet to make. i cant wait to build everything with you, our lives, our careers and the future in general. Thank you for believing me and sticking by my side. Now even though you always try to stress me out or just look for ways to make me mad, I still love you very much and will continue to do so until my last breath by Allah's will. I hope you know that i truly mean every single thing that i say to you and all this is coming straight from my heart. i look forward to spending the rest of my life with you. I love you so much Nuri. Talk to you in a couple of hours.